MU-1686 / MU-1687 - Sonar support (#133)
mulesoft/docs-munit: modules/ROOT/pages/munit-maven-plugin.adoc

By default, it is set to `true`.

> == Enabling Sonar Reports

Reviewer: We need to stop using gerunds (Enabling) for titles.
Tasks use imperative: Enable.
Concepts use various non-gerund or imperative forms, such as "Sonar Report Enablement" or, better, "SONAR Report Support"

> MUnit has built-in support for SonarQube. No additional configuration is needed, but you can disable it if you don't need it:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
MUnit has built-in support for SonarQube, with a default setting of `true` for `enableSonarReports`. No additional configuration is needed.

You can find the reports under `${project.build.directory}/sonar-reports`.

You can disable SONAR reports if you don't need them:
```
Why? Is there any advantage to disabling?

.Disabling sonar reports
[source]
----
<enableSonarReports>false</enableSonarReports>
----

The reports can be found under `${project.build.directory}/sonar-reports`.

By default, it is set to `true`.

> 

Reviewer: omit
